Fix ActiveRecord query attribute method when given value does't respond to to_i method (#35320)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

*   Fix query attribute method on user defined attribute to aware typecasted value.

    For example the following code no longer return false as casted non-empty string.

    ```

>     attribute :user_defined_text, :text

Reviewer: `attribute` is non global method.

> *   Fix query attribute method on user defined attribute to aware typecasted value.

Reviewer 2: I think this can be rewritten as follows if that makes sense to you.  
```
Fix query attribute method on the user-defined attribute to be aware of typecasted value.
```

Changes
- `user defined` -> `user-defined` (ref: https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/user-defined)
- `to aware typecasted` -> `to be aware of typecasted`

Reviewer 3: Thank you for the review! I changed that. 😄

> *   Fix ActiveRecord query method when given Date data-type

Reviewer: It also happens any other types if a type returns a casted value not have `to_i` (e.g. `:json` type).

https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/0ee96d13de29680e148ccb8e5b68025f29fd091c/activerecord/test/models/company.rb#L16

```ruby
Company.new(metadata: {}).metadata?
# => NoMethodError: undefined method `to_i' for {}:Hash
```

Reviewer: "query method" is a little ambiguous, can you reword to "query attribute method"?

Reviewer 3: > It also happens on any other types if a type returns a casted value not have `to_i` (e.g. `:json` type)

Should I add test cases that user define a type does not respond to to_i method?

Reviewer: That sounds good to me, since "when given Date data-type" is a part of what we fixes.

> *   Fix ActiveRecord query attribute method when given Date data-type

Reviewer: Can you update the "when given Date data-type" part?
Since "when given Date data-type" is a part of what we fixes.

> *   Fix ActiveRecord query attribute method when given value does't respond to to_i method

Reviewer: This PR will make that query attribute method on user defined attribute awares type casted value.

For example, on `attribute :user_defined_text, :text`, `klass.new(user_defined_text: "false").user_defined_text?` no longer return false as casted non-empty string.

So the chengelog entry should mention about user defined attribute.

```suggestion
*   Fix query attribute method on user defined attribute to aware type casted value.
```

Reviewer 3: Appreciate for your excellent detailed review!!!
